---
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: false
---

# 0.1.05

Release date : **22 december**

***

This version is just to wait for the next version of dispy that will be a little bit bigger, it will add components and response support.

Oh, and i want to know why the f#ck do asyncio undefine the keyword embeds in async functions.

#### New

* Added .send() to Message, send a message in the same channel as the message.
* Added bot.custom\_request() to send a custom request, because dispy doesn't have everything.
* Added .edit() to Message, edit the message.
* Moved from Pydantic to a Custom Class Wrapper (called DictWrapper), they are partial and support self-referencing out-of the box.
* Added autocompletion support for Applications, Attachments, Channels, Guilds, Components, Embeds, Emojis, Entitlements, Interactions, Permissions, Polls, Reactions, Roles, Stickers, Teams and Threads.
* Added some missing values in some type object. (Thanks to the new DictWrapper)

#### Modified

* The Embed function to build embeds have been completly recoded, you can now define your embed like in discord.js and have all the autocompletion. I'm very proud of this functionality! Try EmbedBuilder() to see how to use it.
* Added the argument reply\_to to create\_message() & .send() which is a new function.
* Transfered the code for the custom given args (In gateway events) to a unique file, this new file will do the verification of functions and the managements of these arguments.

#### Fix

* The result function used for api response was using the Message object which is not define and doesn't respect the use case of the result function, the result function is used generally and for differents function, not only messages.
* Fixed the internal asynchronous system, before this fix, executing two functions at the same time will put the second one in a queue until the first is done executing. Now they will be executing at the same time!
* Fixed an issue when using ID's and Timestamps, where it will generate an error when using it in calculations or in rest api, you don't need to do a str() on these types every time anymore.
* Result Object will now raise a custom error if we try to get a value of a api request result which was failed.

#### Removed

* Pydantic was removed due to the lack of liberty needed for the project.
