# 0.1.0.7

Release date : **Unknown** (happy new year 2025 🎉)

***

Hello! This version is meant to make dispy more intuitive and simple to use. These adjustments and fixes we're made when developing my own bots with dispy.

I've made importing the library more clean and more optimized. All the types need to be imported from `dispy.types` as for now and creating a bot is made with `from dispy import Bot`.

### Test It

To install this work in progress version, you need to follow theses commands:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/Dispy-inc/Dispy.git
```

{% hint style="danger" %}
This is an experimental version, you may encounter bugs.
{% endhint %}

### Changelog

**New**

* Support adding reactions and removing them.
* Snowflakes (IDs) now are represent as STR and INT, so you can compared them (e.g. is equal) with STR and INT values.
* ISO timestamp are now automatically converted to epoch timestamp, now dispy will only use this kind of timestamp because it is easier to manipulate.
* Added a caching system used by slash commands, it can store informations so it isn't define every executions.
* _<mark style="background-color:orange;">Started working on slash commands.</mark>_

#### Changes

* Importing dispy is now way more clean.

**Fix**

* Editing a message now return a message object.
* Fixed an issue with DictWrapper, which made if the debug mode was disable, it will failed if there is an extra field.
* Made tokens and headers attributes private so eval cannot get them (Never use it anyway).

**Removed**

* Pydantic dependency.
* TokenReader() was removed :'(

### How to update my code?

#### Timestamps

Now that dispy has completely removed iso timestamp, you will need to recalculate and recode parcel of your code that use the old timestamp. The epoch timestamps is using seconds and milliseconds are in decimals.

```python
# OLD
epoch_timestamp = datetime.datetime.fromisoformat(msg.timestamp).timestamp()

# NEW
epoch_timestamp = msg.timestamp
```

#### Importing

Before, you where forced to import all (\*) of the dispy library, now you need to import it cleanly, for example:

```python
from dispy import Bot, EmbedBuilder
from dispy.types import (
    Message,
    User
)
```

#### Removed

TokenReader() was removed, but no one was using it anyway lmao.
