---
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: false
---

# 0.1.0

Release date : **29 november**

***

Hi, this update has taken so much time to develop ! I've been working a lot on basic functionalities that i can even count them. This list has taken me a long time to

#### Additions

* Now intents are calculated automaticly on bot launch.
* `once` function have been added, it execute the targeted function one time when event is dispatched.
* Added a new directory called `data` which purpose is to manage data used by the library, when dispy is imported, the data module will import json file for the code to understand. It is better than importing badly files inside the `__init__`.
* Added `Embed` function to make easier embed creation.
* Added commentary in functions.
* Added a header and categorys in `__init__` for better readability.
* Added a `TokenReader` function to read the file containing your token.
* Added autocompletion for functions and variables, it uses the new directory called `types`, it is very simple to add functions to types
* Added a custom error handler with colors and custom tracebacks.
* Added complete decoration support for ON and ONCE.

#### Changes

* `eventlink` function has changed name, now you can call it using `on`.
* The handler list (dict) have been changed to a tuple containing the eventname and function to call.
* The module `intents` have been updated to function correctly with the new data system.
* Added the support for custom arguments in the `send_message` function inside `rest_api.py`.
* The license have been changed.
* The function for the execution of the user functions have been updated so now, we can use while loop and input inside.
* When using ON and ONCE, you can

#### Substractions

* `error_codes.json` have been removed, it has been replaced by the new error handler.

## Devlog

I've been working on this version for a while, and i'm very happy to see this come together, this will not be the best version of dispy but i already achieved intents calculation which not many discord bot library's support.

How does it work? In the dispy library, there is a ~~intents.json~~ (not anymore lol) that contain all the event that discord can send us, the number attributed to these list are the intents id, with this, we can calculated with a pretty simple formula the intents code.

$$
X=\sum_{i=1}^{n} (1 << a_i)
$$

With this, i added many many things... Autocompletion, HTTP Api complete support and error handling has been added.

I really wanted to release this version earlier but I fell into the black hole of working on more and more features. On the next versions, I will do more pushes and more sub-versions.

If you are interested in the project and want to participate, you can contribute or become a beta tester. Since the documentation is not finished, do not hesitate to come and ask me for help.

Anyway. Bye bye!
